# Project 2
In this project, we built a book review webapp. The webapp allows member registration(signups), login and logout. The webapp also can be used to search for and drop reviews on books from a pool of books in the database using the author name, ISBN number, or book title. After search, the user is allowed to click on the result and is taken to a page that provides details of the book while also availing the user an opportunity to drop a review.

The webapp is built with a combination of the Flask framework, html, sql, and a number of libraries. The folder, Flask_session, records the unique sessions of independent users; the folder, templates, contains all the webpage designs (i.e html pages) used in developing the webapp; the file, application.py, is a python file that houses the codes for the webapp's functionalities; the books.csv file is a file containing a table of all the books used to create the search database; the models.py and import.py are files that help to create and import the needed tables into our postgresql database (project 1).

For Project 2, we add the Google books API to the book search webapp. With this addition, users can now search for books on the app and get json responses on the title, author, average ratings, ISBN-10 and 13, published date, as well as review count all from the google data store. To access this function, users just need to type in the ISBN or title on the search page while also checking the appropriate radio buttons and then click on search. The book page that loads up afterwards will display the above listed JSON properties as well as provide the users with the option to add their own reviews to the book pages.

ENGO 